feat: learn the date object by building a date formatter (#50504)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-the-date-object-by-building-a-date-formatter/646bb182a47c3f0759416db7.md

---
id: 646bb182a47c3f0759416db7
title: Step 28
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-28
---

# --description--

> Javascript starts from this step. Use the `.getElementById()` method to get the `#current-date` element. Assign it to a `currentDateParagraph` variable.

Reviewer: This should be your new step 1 once you remove all of the previous HTML and CSS steps. 

```suggestion
In this project, you will learn about the JavaScript Date object by building a date formatter.

All of the HTML and CSS for this project has been provided for you.

Start by getting the `#current-date` element with the `.getElementById()` method and assign it to a `const` variable called `currentDateParagraph`. 
```

Author: added

Start by getting the `#current-date` element with the `.getElementById()` method and assign it to a `const` variable called `currentDateParagraph`. 

# --hints--

You should use `const` to declare a `currentDateParagraph` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /const\s+currentDateParagraph\s+=/);
```

You should use `document.getElementById()` to get the `#current-date` element.

```js
assert.match(code, /document\.getElementById\(('|"|`)current-date\1\)/);
```

You should assign the `#current-date` element to your `currentDateParagraph` variable.

```js
assert(code.match(/const\s+currentDateParagraph\s+=\s+document\.getElementById\(('|"|`)current-date\1\)/g));
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Date Formatter</title>
    <link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <main>
      <div class="title-container">
        <h1 class="title">Today's Date</h1>
         <svg
  class="date-svg"
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
  version="1.0"
  width="512.000000pt"
  height="512.000000pt"
  viewBox="0 0 512.000000 512.000000"
  preserveAspectRatio="xMidYMid meet"

> >

Author: done

      d="M2230 2490 l0 -160 315 0 315 0 0 160 0 160 -315 0 -315 0 0 -160z"
    />
    <path
      d="M3342 2493 l3 -158 310 0 310 0 3 158 3 157 -316 0 -316 0 3 -157z"
    />
    <path
      d="M1110 1855 l0 -155 320 0 320 0 0 155 0 155 -320 0 -320 0 0 -155z"
    />
    <path
      d="M2230 1855 l0 -155 315 0 315 0 0 155 0 155 -315 0 -315 0 0 -155z"
    />
    <path
      d="M3340 1855 l0 -155 315 0 315 0 0 155 0 155 -315 0 -315 0 0 -155z"
    />
    <path
      d="M1117 1383 c-4 -3 -7 -78 -7 -165 l0 -158 320 0 320 0 0 165 0 165 -313 0 c-173 0 -317 -3 -320 -7z"
    />
    <path
      d="M2230 1225 l0 -165 315 0 315 0 0 165 0 165 -315 0 -315 0 0 -165z"
    />
    <path
      d="M3347 1383 c-4 -3 -7 -78 -7 -165 l0 -158 315 0 315 0 -2 163 -3 162 -306 3 c-168 1 -308 -1 -312 -5z"
    />
  </g>
</svg>

      </div>
      <div class="divider"></div>
      <div class="dropdown-container">
        <select name="date-options" id="date-options">
          <option value="dd-mm-yyyy">Day, Month, Year</option>
          <option value="yyyy-mm-dd">Year, Month, Day</option>
          <option value="mm-dd-yyyy-h-mm">
            Month, Day, Year, Hours, Minutes
          </option>
        </select>

>         <img src="an image link here" class="select-icon"/>

Author: added image

      </div>
      <p id="current-date"></p>
    </main>
  </body>
  <script src="script.js"></script>
</html>
```

```css
*{
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0;

>   box-sizing: border-box

Reviewer: missing semicolon here

This will need to be fixed for all steps
